Add Documentation in TreeBasedNavigation.md (#2482)
pointfreeco/swift-composable-architecture: Sources/ComposableArchitecture/Documentation.docc/Articles/TreeBasedNavigation.md

  // ...
}
```

> And then we must make use of the ifLet(_:action:destination:fileID:line:) method to integrate the domain of the Destination with the domain of the parent feature:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

And then we must make use of the ``Reducer/ifLet(_:action:destination:fileID:line:)`` operator to
integrate the domain of the destination with the domain of the parent feature:
```

```swift
struct InventoryFeature: Reducer {
  // ...

  var body: some ReducerOf<Self> {
    Reduce { state, action in 

>       // Core logic for root feature

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      // ...
```
